all in
he
Hello dear readers
magazine is better computer games
mastering the tract and today specifically
for you and tell you about a series of games that
were played differently on one prestigious
the tournament
under the name of those personalities it is decided
in this exchange tournament organizers
The best 16 players from Europe were collected.
after this person’s Pamir
compiled by
not the first round got himself famous
warcraft under
monument cult of the valts
after the release of the second brothers
as part of a timoschuk in an interview
train the resignation issue
pretty good awards in is
analogs
first places in many ways
and words
divisions platinum valentine
play he was called protasov same name and
of course with him
to relax you shouldn’t play your way
fell on the map of the raging sands he
appeared upper right i
respectively, the outside world
the card is intended to salt for two
players and here it is after someone ordered
sent about comment scouts in
the guests
quite a short distance
need to overcome what you see what
Your comments are being made here.
located
I see that I am not a supporter of such
building outside
its original location
developing standard
that is, everything is sent in a manner
veche to i a little bit like intelligence not
after ordered
pilot percent of this he ordered
hut well of course
thanks to this they entered the game in
the economy
there is a small having formed but to understand
it is not so decisive interest
because
used workers here very quickly and myself
but thanks to this ability
time crowding out
and this is basically no matter how much
the inspector has the right to pipe what he is after
order tons
or order help about supplies ordered
brother forest d for what is it done this for
order for shots to be information tons
whether to build your opponent some
bypass the mayor of knowledge but for example near you
if of course you manage to convince atom chips
control he is my opponent based on soa
scout I kill with impunity
th worker that is
plus one worker in the game
and this of course already
and a slight advantage since
to 1 working
per minute both times are mined approximately
about sixty minerals that is on
600 minerals and
Well, now about him will be less each
a minute
but this number certainly changes with this
n that is a permanent absence than more
you have working order
of course not decided
extracted resource will fall on
one working village each of us
it's hard math now
present
In principle, as if the optimal number
Mineral workers are somewhere around 20
on standard mineralogy May 8
resource located 20
workers will be just at the optimum number
and of course 3 gas on each of their
gas fields
Here I had quoted the agency
battles with which they start chasing
spy but can not hold
two combos two hits
each hit deals 16 damage to them
having appeared performer stalker
secularism kills scouts
in this moment in may base practically
ran al jazeera tatarstan took wallpaper
opponents so that he
try to score one or two
workers to a little bit
even out crying sleep
for dollars
and of course, according to Kana, he saw that he did not
seduced Spartacus he immediately began to retreat
a son
a deal in order not to lose it
now of course peace
untitled from Tolyatti Central Bank
Workers Protos Kim further Sazonov
past version making excuses
were called and investigators
the details
rude jokes will not be if we will
call m worker investigators
episodes
the main thing that
the meaning was clear but the meaning of participation
is that volvo is a scout
stayed and I know that he
there is a ram base but the opponent and here
here
the watch appeared
and of course very uncomfortable but I chose
trajectory conditions
intelligence workers of course his
lost
but I have information
saw that there is no
plant fso opponent
and I will assume that he will
forge a large number of marriages and
of course fears
make on
improved
bandits
and here is my first stalker he basically
how to be official for more intelligence
car name to be
abode and opponent's desire for intelligence
that is scouts and contra sighted in one
face
and of course not
on serving then became an actor not worth it
confused if they are leg hour
but bury me they will kill
here of course I did not know it was standing with a stranger
fights make
on one of the barges of the windows of Holland anti machines
towers give that extra
overview
principle very july is not drama but also
allows
notice enter for example all sorts of dirty tricks there
flying
transport ships lycopene
the movement of troops that is the years of those who he is
controls these towers more gets
information from the player accordingly
which possesses more
information
and man has another opponent
slight advantage
in general, as he mentally perceived
Volzhan website
another question
and here is this percentage
first afraid of deals which
Belova large base
also came to explore saw that
I have a few make off
and a few sentries she has a stalker from 1
stalker whom i start to chase
watercourse
the thing is I want to destroy it
and here it appeared, given the conditions and I
I do not hide the retreat because the mother
the subscriber correctly used
watch abilities such as
political field force field
relations
Of course it is very unpleasant when
you want to retreat to you but these are all